Sandeep/synthetics private locations (#1826)
newrelic/terraform-provider-newrelic: website/docs/r/synthetics_private_location.html.markdown

---
layout: "newrelic"
page_title: "New Relic: newrelic_synthetics_private_location"
sidebar_current: "docs-newrelic-resource-synthetics-private-location"
description: |-
Create and manage Synthetics private location in New Relic.
---

# Resource: newrelic\_synthetics\_private\_location

Use this resource to create and manage New Relic Synthetic private location.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "newrelic_synthetics_private_location" "bar" {
 accountId = "NewRelic account ID"
 description = "The private location description"
 name = "The name of the private location"
 verifiedScriptExecution = "true or false"
}
```

> ## Argument Reference

Reviewer: You will need to update this after you processed some of the other comments in code. The description is not optional for example.

Author: Changed the Description

The following arguments are supported:

> * `account_id` - (Optional) Determines the New Relic account where the secure credential will be created. Defaults to the account associated with the API key used.

Reviewer: `secure credential`? This description seems wrong

> * `description` - (Required)The private location description.

Reviewer: Space after `(Required)`

---
layout: "newrelic"
page_title: "New Relic: newrelic_synthetics_private_location"
sidebar_current: "docs-newrelic-resource-synthetics-private-location"
description: |-
Create and manage Synthetics private location in New Relic.
---

# Resource: newrelic\_synthetics\_private\_location

Use this resource to create and manage New Relic Synthetic private location.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "newrelic_synthetics_private_location" "bar" {

>  accountId = "NewRelic account ID"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 account_id = 12345
```

 description = "The private location description"
 name = "The name of the private location"
 verifiedScriptExecution = "true or false"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `account_id` - (Optional) Determines the New Relic account where the secure credential will be created. Defaults to the account associated with the API key used.
* `description` - The private location description.
* `name` - (Required) The name of the private location.

> * `verifiedScriptExecution` - (Required) The private location requires a password to edit if value is true.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `verified_script_execution` - (Required) The private location requires a password to edit if value is true.
```
